examples/zed_aruco_localization/README.md, before:

# ZED ArUco Localization

This example demonstrates how to use a set of ArUco markers placed at known positions and orientations in the environment to locate a ZED camera device.

The zed-aruco-localization node performs ArUco detection at a fixed rate by subscribing to ZED color image topics. When a tag is detected it calculates the camera pose with respect to it and calls the `set_pose` service of the ZED node to reset the camera pose in the "world".

You can generate the markers by using [this online tool](https://chev.me/arucogen/). It is important to select the dictionary **6x6**.

## Set the parameters

The parameters are described in the file `config/aruco_loc.yaml` that is loaded by the launch file:

```
      general:
        marker_count: <N>           # Number of markers in the World
        marker_size: <S>            # Width/Height of the ArUco tags [m]
        maximum_distance: <D>       # Maximum distance of the target from the camera to consider it valid
        detection_rate: <F>         # Maximum detection frequency for camera pose update
        camera_name: "zed"          # Name of the camera to relocate
        world_frame_id: "map"       # Frame id of the world frame
        refine_detection: false     # If enabled the corners of the detected markers will be processed to obtain sub-pixel precision

      debug:
        active: false               # Enable debug messages
```

For each marker in the world (this must match the number in `marker_count`):

``````
      marker_<idx>:
        aruco_id: <id>                      # ID of the ArUco tag as retrieved by the ArUco Detector code
        position: [<pos_X>,<pos_Y>,<pos_Z>] # Pose with respect to the World origin [m]
        orientation: [<roll>,<pitch>,<yaw>] # Orientation with respect to the World origin [rad]
```

> **Note:** the folder `markers` contains the SVG files of the markers **#19** and **#43** listed in the example file `aruco_loc.yaml`. 
You can use a vectorial editor (e.g. Inkscape) to resize them according to the value of the parameter `general.marker_size`.

## Run the example

Before running the example, it is important to set the following parameters in `config/aruco_loc.yaml`:

* `general.marker_count`: indicates how many markers are placed in the world
* `general.marker_size`: dimension in meters of the size of the marker

Then for each marker a set of parameters must be added:

```yaml
      marker_xxx:
        aruco_id: yy                 # ID of the ArUco tag as retrieved by the ArUco Detector code
        position: [X,Y,Z]            # Pose with respect to the World origin [m]
        orientation: [R,P,Y]         # Orientation with respect to the World origin [rad]
```

* replace `marker_xxx` with an incremental index, i.e. `marker_000` for the first marker, `marker_001` for the second marker, and so on.
* `aruco_id`: the index of the marker as detected
* `position`: the position of the marker in world frame, i.e. with respect to the origin
* `orientation`: the roll, pitch, yaw orientation [rad] of the marker in world frame, i.e. with respect to the origin

Commit message:

Rename `stereolabs::ZedArucoLocComponent` to `stereolabs::ZedArucoLoc`

examples/zed_aruco_localization/README.md, after:

# ZED ArUco Localization

This example demonstrates how to use a set of ArUco markers placed at known positions and orientations in the environment to locate a ZED camera device.

The example creates a ROS 2 component named `stereolabs::ZedArucoLoc` that must be executed in the same container (process) 
where the `stereolabs::ZedCamera` component is running to leverage the Intra Process Communication behavior of ROS 2 and minimize 
the data latency.

The launch file `zed_aruco_loc.launch.py` shows how to start a ROS 2 container and load the `stereolabs::ZedCamera` component and the `stereolabs::ZedArucoLoc` component.

The `stereolabs::ZedArucoLoc` component subscribes to the rectified left camera RGB image topic of the component `stereolabs::ZedCamera`, performs ArUco detection and recalculates the pose of the camera according to the pose of the detected marker in the world. Finally, the `stereolabs::ZedArucoLoc` component calls the `set_pose` service provided by the `stereolabs::ZedCamera` component to fix the pose of the camera.

You can generate your ArUco markers by using [this online tool](https://chev.me/arucogen/). It is important to select the **6x6** dictionary.

## Set the parameters

The parameters are described in the file `config/aruco_loc.yaml` that is loaded by the launch file:

```
      general:
        marker_count: <N>           # Number of markers in the World
        marker_size: <S>            # Width/Height of the ArUco tags [m]
        maximum_distance: <D>       # Maximum distance of the target from the camera to consider it valid
        detection_rate: <F>         # Maximum detection frequency for camera pose update
        camera_name: "zed"          # Name of the camera to relocate
        world_frame_id: "map"       # Frame id of the world frame
        refine_detection: false     # If enabled the corners of the detected markers will be processed to obtain sub-pixel precision

      debug:
        active: false               # Enable debug messages
```

For each marker in the world (this must match the number in `marker_count`):

``````
      marker_<idx>:
        aruco_id: <id>                      # ID of the ArUco tag as retrieved by the ArUco Detector code
        position: [<pos_X>,<pos_Y>,<pos_Z>] # Pose with respect to the World origin [m]
        orientation: [<roll>,<pitch>,<yaw>] # Orientation with respect to the World origin [rad]
```

> **Note:** the folder `markers` contains the SVG files of the markers **#19** and **#43** listed in the example file `aruco_loc.yaml`. 
You can use a vectorial editor (e.g. Inkscape) to resize them according to the value of the parameter `general.marker_size`.

## Run the example

Call the command 

`ros2 launch zed_aruco_localization zed_aruco_loc.launch.py camera_model:=<camera_model>` 

to start the `zed_aruco_localization` node.

The `zed_aruco_localization` node performs ArUco detection at a fixed rate by subscribing to ZED color image topics. When a tag is detected it calculates the camera pose with respect to it and calls the `set_pose` service of the ZED node to reset the camera pose in the "world".

Before running the example, it is important to set the following parameters in `config/aruco_loc.yaml`:

* `general.marker_count`: indicates how many markers are placed in the world
* `general.marker_size`: dimension in meters of the size of the marker

Then for each marker a set of parameters must be added:

```yaml
      marker_xxx:
        aruco_id: yy                 # ID of the ArUco tag as retrieved by the ArUco Detector code
        position: [X,Y,Z]            # Pose with respect to the World origin [m]
        orientation: [R,P,Y]         # Orientation with respect to the World origin [rad]
```

* replace `marker_xxx` with an incremental index, i.e. `marker_000` for the first marker, `marker_001` for the second marker, and so on.
* `aruco_id`: the index of the marker as detected
* `position`: the position of the marker in world frame, i.e. with respect to the origin
* `orientation`: the roll, pitch, yaw orientation [rad] of the marker in world frame, i.e. with respect to the origin

> **Note**: use the command `ros2 launch zed_aruco_localization zed_aruco_loc.launch.py -s` to get the list of all the availabe launch  parameters.
